Ladies please see
This is your latest product development
Oh my god
I didn't expect to be able to develop the best cosmeceuticals in such a simple laboratory
I used to want to have a private laboratory.
Chen Tianyi said I was just a small formula room
There is no need to waste so much money.
So I found such a place to make do
This is the latest product.
I named it Honey Talk.
There will be a new product launch conference for him in a few days.
OK, then we'll wait for your new product launch.
Check out the top formulator you mentioned
It's in places like this.
Oh master
The personality is a little weird, I can check it out.
But if the wordy master can't help us
No one can help us
It makes sense to go
Bai Fangyu, what are you doing here?
It must be a big talk
It's time to ask Master Luce for help
But look at this
You seem to have been kicked out.
Did Mei Fangyu see it?
Without me, you are nothing
Even if you ask for help, you will be turned away.
I'm taking care of my own business
Don't ask for anything
You also have a career
Are you still pulling investments in the name of my providence brother?
You are already divorced
Can you learn to walk independently?
No, I have no way to complain to you.
Who said no?
So master
Our boss wants to invest in you.
This is the investment proposal.